---
title: 学习英语计划
date: 2023-12-20 12:57:23
tags: 
    - 学习
    - 代码
mathjax: ture
cover: /img/英语学习.webp
categories: 学习
---
Yesterday I learned how to learn English through YouTube, a program provided by Learn English with Bob the Canadian 

# plan
THINGS YOU WILL NEED:
 - 1 hour per day (30 minutes will work as well).
 - a notebook and a pen to write down new vocabulary each day.
 - an English song.
 - an English a book.
 - an English TV show.

MONDAYS (Spend 30-40 minutes Reading)
 - Read your book.
 - Read the news.
 - Read an article on http://simple.wikipedia.com
 - Write down some new words in your notebook with their definition.
 - Spend the rest of your hour:
 -- Reading out loud from your book
 -- Writing out some passages from your book.
 -- Listening to the audiobook of your book.
 -- Using Duolingo or other learning apps.

TUESDAYS (Spend 30-40 minutes Writing)
 - Write what you did yesterday, today, and tomorrow in your notebook.
 - Write a few comments on Youtube videos.
 - Write some sentences about what you like and dislike about your song, your book, and your TV show.
 - Write a summary of what you have read in your book the day before.
 - Put some new words in your dictionary.
 - Spend the rest of your hour:
 -- Reading what you have written.
 -- Listening to what you have written by pasting your writing into Google translate and have it read it to you.
 -- Reading what you have written out loud.
 -- Using Duolingo or other learning apps.

WEDNESDAYS (Spend 30-40 minutes Listening):
 - Watch your TV show.
 - Listen to your song.
 - Listen to the Audiobook of your book if you have it.
 - Watch a few Youtube videos.
 - Put new words in your dictionary.
 - Spend the rest of your hour:
 -- Read about your TV show.
 -- Write about how your song makes you feel.
 -- Mimic or shadow people from your TV show.
 -- Sing along to your song.

THURSDAYS (Spend 30-40 minutes Speaking):
 - Hire a tutor on:
 -- Preply: http://tracking.preply.com/SH2X
 -- Cambly: http://cambly.com
 -- iTalki: http://italki.com
 - Talk out loud.
 - Narrate your life.
 - Record yourself and play it back.
 - Put words in your dictionary.
 - Spend the rest of your hour:
 -- Reading out loud.
 -- Singing out loud.
 -- Shadowing or mimicking actors from your TV show.

FRIDAYS (Spend the Entire hour on Vocabulary):
 - Review all the words in your dictionary.
 - Write them out.
 - Say them out loud.
 - Use them in a sentence.
 - Make a http://quizlet.com set.
 - Make flashcards.
 - Work until you have them all memorized.

WEEKENDS:
 - Find a new song.
 - Find a new book.
 - Find a new TV show.
 - Take a break.

FORM:[The Best Way To Learn English (In my humble opinion.)](https://youtu.be/5-T6Xqlh6BU?si=S_KQ0CmjfEtER-fR)

------------------------
# Reading

# Writing

# Listening
## 2023.12.20 Wednesday(listening)
### What did you hear?
[《崩坏：星穹铁道》希儿角色PV——「一夜无事」](https://youtu.be/lXVQmHxAnAE?si=2uUeh8dfSi6A_QV8)

<p><font color=#6A5ACD>Seele</font>: Ha, there they come again.<br><font color=red>Here they come again</font></p>

<p>SoldierA: Wait, don't let her get away.
<br><font color=red>Wait, you will never get away</font></p>

<p>SoldierB: It's damage, she is dead.
<br><font color=red>It's a dead end, she's dead</font></p>

<p><font color=#6A5ACD>Seele</font>: Make trouble in Wildfire's territory, you guys got a lot of nerves.
<br><font color=red>Make trouble in Wildfire's territory. You guys got a lot of nerves</font></p>

<p><font color=#6A5ACD>Seele</font>: Still here. I'm feeling like things just began!
<br><font color=red>Still here. I'm afraid things just got complicated.</font></p>

<p><font color=#6A5ACD>Seele</font>: Sometimes a sharp blade is the only way to get people to come to this.
<br><font color=red>Sometimes a sharp blade is the only way to get people to come to this.</font></p>

<p><font color=#6A5ACD>Seele</font>: Can I ask for your help?<br><font color=red>Did I ask for your help?</font></p>

<p><font color=#C8BFC6>Bronya</font>: Looks like you could use it. Go!<br>
<font color=red>Looks like you could use it. Quick!</font></p>

<p><font color=#6A5ACD>Seele</font>: Don't tell me what to do.</p>

<p><font color=#C8BFC6>Bronya</font>: There's always a weakness.
<br><font color=red>There's always a weakness.</font></p>

<p><font color=#6A5ACD>Seele</font>: How about this move?</p>

<p><font color=#C8BFC6>Bronya</font>: Now for the one that slipped through the net.
<br><font color=red>Now for the one that slipped through the net.</font></p>

<p><font color=#6A5ACD>Seele</font>: Stop holding me back over the welder. Disappear among the sea of butterflies, collisions of the past.
<br><font color=red>Stop holding me back over the welder. Disappear among the sea of butterflies, collisions of the past.</font></p>



## New vocabulary
- territory *[ˈtɛrɪt(ə)ri]*  
  n.领地
- nerves *[ˈnɜːvəs]*  
  n.神经，胆子
- complicated. *[ˈkɒmplɪkeɪtɪd]*  
  adj.复杂的
- sharp *[ˈʃɑrp]*  
  adj.锋利的，尖锐的
- blade *[bled]*   
  n.刀片，叶片
- slip *[slɪp]*  
  v.滑落，纸片，滑到
- welder *[ˈweldə(r)]*   
  n.焊工，电焊工
- Disappear *[ˌdisəˈpiə]*  
  v.消失，失踪
- collisions *[kə'liʒən].*  
  v.碰撞，冲突

# Speaking

# Vocabulary
### 2024.1.8
- displayed 显示
- entrepreneurship 创业
- obtaining 获得

"Obtaining" 和 "get" 是两个英语单词，它们在很多情况下可以互换使用，但也存在一些微妙的区别。

"Obtaining" 更加正式和正式，通常用于描述更为复杂、正式或官方的获取行为。例如，你可能会说 "I obtained a copy of the report from the official archives"（我从官方档案中获取了一份报告）。
"Get" 则是更为通用和口语化的用词，可以用于各种日常场景，也可以表示简单的获取。例如，你可以说 "I need to get some groceries from the store"（我需要从商店里买些食品）。
程度的不同：

"Obtaining" 可以强调努力、计划或一定的过程，而不仅仅是简单地获得。它可能涉及更多的步骤或困难。
"Get" 则可能更加简单和直接，强调结果而不是过程。
正式文体：

在正式的文体中，例如法律文件或学术论文中，可能更倾向于使用 "obtaining" 而非 "get"，以保持正式性和精确性。

-  attended 出席
- potential 潜在的